Fix documentation typos (#852)
svalinn/DAGMC: doc/usersguide/uw2.rst

OpenMC-specific steps
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To run a OpenMC UWUW simulation, a ``.h5m`` file containing the UWUW model

> must be present in the OpenMC run directory and a ``dagmc_universe`` loaded in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
must be present in the OpenMC run directory and a ``openmc.DAGMCUniverse`` loaded in
```

Should this be  a openmc.DAGMCUniverse[(https://docs.openmc.org/en/stable/pythonapi/generated/openmc.DAGMCUniverse.html#openmc-dagmcuniverse)

Author: I was trying to refer to this, not necessarily the underlying Python class. Would you prefer I swap out "loaded" with "used" to avoid any confusion?

```
<geometry>
  <dagmc_universe filename="file.h5m" id="1" />
</geometry>
```

Reviewer 2: I'll suggest "present in the ``geometry.xml`` file".

Author: good idea, I like that wording
